21:11
Go go down further. 

Which next, Yeah, next? 

Now, what you have to do is next line four zero six zero. 

Now, what you have to do is next line four zero six zero. 

After 4.60 line, next line. 

After 4.60 line next line 406, Fix it. 

Oh yeah, yeah, that create a new line before the four zero fine and next two, four zero fine nine next line. 

Yeah, Presenter. 

Yeah, now What is your Source? 

What is the source that they gave you? 

Okay, this one. 

Copy that one 10, 152, That one? 

Yeah, absolutely. 

Yeah, tools PC Enterprise only 10, 150. 

That's Weird capital letter, Uh, tools PCA Enterprise. 

Which region is this is? 

We did want to do one VPC And And one 52, 72, 0. 

Okay, only one VPC is there. 

Okay, so it's in in the document. 

Yeah, Next next, But I'm not Pepper. 

Never use local. 

Next Next Next? 

Okay, that is everyone need to go back. 

Go Next. 

This is the one that you need it. 

Okay, tools PCA NV Just copy that Go to line number 4060. 

Yeah, today, food zero six zero come down down for that down. 

Yeah today, food zero six zero come down down for that down. 

Yeah, Now type SSL bump. 

No splice, you have to displace. 

No splice. 

You have to displace Is needed for. 

If you try to access through https Uh, if, if that, you are only having lower version of encryption algorithm, then it won't allow that. 

Okay, so to don't consider whatever algorithm entrance algorithm they are using. 

Just Move it, just bump their result. 

Don't worry about their salt there, so that is what it is doing so from the source IP. 

This one and the destination URL, Uh, copy that from line number four zero five six app is the hybrid intercepted exceptions. 

Yeah, so this RPG hybrid intercepted exception series mentioned in four zero three nine 4039. 

If you read it there, it is Rpg hybrid intercepted. 

Exceptions and destination URL is star.google API.com? 

Okay, This is one thing, um, then come down for a bit. 

Don't forget. 

Ah, click down down. 

Yeah, yeah, Yeah, Yeah. 

Next to four to four, one next line create a next link 4241. 

Yeah, that's where RPG everything is there. 

And next line Https access follow. 

Again that? 

Tools PCI environ copy that name? 

To rely number four zero is six zero. 

Four zero six zero. 

Yeah, to speak, And we copy that name Countdown down down down down. 

And then you are going hello, RP. 

High pressure. 

That's correct. 

So, if you use those variables to create this? 

So, if you use those variables to create this, Okay, you don't need to worry about it. 

Now to test it. 

Now, save it and Comment this code. 

So, these are the changes your story here. 

And we can see. 

Have The changes. 

Okay, um, no, no good. 

Now, go to You, you committed, right? 

Yeah, it is that. 

Okay, yeah. 

Okay, now go, Um, then gets open. 

I don't want to to get a picture now in search bar, so it's validated. 

I don't want to to get a picture now in search bar, so it's validated. 

Yeah. 

Yeah. 

Okay, Now now come down to shade PCI select shared PCI. 

Now, what is the IP that you have in jira 10.152 dot? 

Yeah, copy that and paste it there. 

Yeah. 

22, 22 give you a number five, delete the zero, and give 5 plus 5 Yeah, fire Comma. 

Um, no, no space, no space. 

Holland double slash Https goal and double slash and give that URL resource manager.googleafays.com. 

Whatever it is copy from there and give it yet. 

Without a That is, But 3145 open that ticket. 

I think bus 314, I should have it. 

Copy that whole line for now. 

Copy that whole line for now. 

Yeah, I'll wait. 

Now, build some click on build. 

So, this is this validating. 

Yeah, it should say okay, because you, you have not allowed it, uh, in develop, you have not merged it, right? 

So, let's wait for it to fail. 

So, let's wait for it to fail. 

Then, I'll tell you Complete. 

Yeah, and a couple of monetary surely. 

Oh, it's parting, And I, I denied its failure. 

It shouldn't, as failure, you see, they come down failure, right? 

Go up, go up. 

I will see where it is failing. 

Don't copy anything yet. 

Yeah, It tries to check it, and he says that grab squid error error access denied. 

Okay, so when it is, It is like denied. 

Now, open one more validator. 

Yeah, Yeah, Paste it. 

Yeah, come down. 

I'll give you a. 

That's one yeah. 

That's one, yeah. 

And this needs to be Validated by Skynet. 

Okay, doesn't need to be validating if you if you need to approves. 

Okay, so that one the failed one and this one says squid error access denied. 

Okay, so that one the failed one and this one says squid error access denied. 

Is it that now? 

Oh yeah, the cloud research manager, this one, Even though it is grapes could access denied. 

If you see this below, that is like, not a blue color, but some other colors Cloud climax squid V2 custom test completed successfully, But lame. 

You won't find that. 

So, this is the line you should find whether it is working or not. 

Okay, so that that thing is the thing that it says it is working. 

You won't find that further, it failed this, right? 

So, you should Carefully read whether it is allowed or not. 

Yours thing is working or not. 

So this, this is a shortcut that it is working. 

Okay, you don't have to give one IP. 

You can give test two or three IPS also at the same time. 

Okay, that that is the way. 

But, but that is the way that you should collect. 

Okay, now you can open your PR and to apply this. 

What should you do is, Um, search for quid In? 

In another Jenkins console, you need this one to open. 

Yeah, Um, squid. 

In this type of Uh Street terraform V together Parameters. 

Uh, search for squid again Because? 

Uh, search for squid again. 

This is my plan that plus Deploy. 

Yeah, that one, the second one, deploy Yeah. 

Now build parameters. 

You can select share TCA and Virginia is the region, So that is the only reason that you are trying to apply right so you can select that region. 

You have to select the region lc100 get up light. 

So, what are the reasons that you want to apply, so share it be here and with genius. 

So, those two are the things you have to select and then give a built once you merged. 

Okay, then only it will be Allowed. 

Got it. 

Okay, Yes. 

Okay, Yes, ma'am, if you have any doubt, just think me, I'll be able to help. 

Yes, Yes, no problem. 

Thank you. 

Yeah, Thank you. 

